Docs/sparse (#65)
ostis-ai/sc-component-manager: README.md

### Debug Logs
To see sc-component-manager debug logs set `log_level` to `Debug` in `[sc-memory]` section of `sc-machine.ini`

### Common issues:
- Can't load a whole repo using the command `components install --idtf <component_identifier>`. There is only a repository directory without source files.
  
  **Solution**: please make sure your Git is configured to be able to use `git sparse-checkout`.
  ```sh
  git config --global core.sparseCheckoutCone true
  git config --global core.sparseCheckout true
  git config --global index.sparse true
  ```

>   You can see more in the [official documentation](core.sparseCheckoutCone).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can see more in the [official documentation](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-sparse-checkout).
```
